As per regulatory guidelines, ASBA is mandatory for all public issues opening on or after January 01, 2016. To apply an IPO, kindly contact the nearest branch.                2. It has come to our notice that some unauthorized SMSes are being circulated in the name of Sharekhan Ltd or its group companies inducing clients to invest in scrips not recommended by Sharekhan. Sharekhan doesn’t send any unsolicited SMS. Investors are cautioned against such unauthorized SMSes / Emails from unknown sources and requested to not to rely on such SMSes or emails. Clients are advised to verify the genuinity of the source before initiating any trades in the said scrips. Sharekhan shall not be liable whatsoever for any losses incurred for trading done based on calls from such unauthorized sources.                3. Message from Exchange(s): Prevent Unauthorised transactions in your account --> Update your mobile numbers/email IDs with your stock brokers. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchange on your mobile/email at the end of the day. Issued in the interest of investors.                4. Message From NSDL: Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat account --> Update your Mobile Number with your Depository Participant. Receive alerts on your Registered Mobile for all debit and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL on the same day. Issued in the interest of investors.



Ashley McKnight 29 upvotes
Thanks for posting...your information is interesting but I'm not sure I'd agree with: "he (Mark Zuckerberg) has the same desk setup as everyone else." I was on campus the week of the IPO / his wedding (he was there so I don't doubt he's a hard worker) but I saw that he has his own private fully enclosed office. 

Sure, it's right next to a bigger room with large team working in it but it's still a private office...so perhaps you mean that he has the same kind of desk or ergonomic chair as everyone else but I think your post is mistakenly leading people to believe that he just sits out in open space with everybody all the time. 

Also, while you're mentioning the "volunteering" on the weekends don't forget to tell people about the overnight hackathons that occasionally occur as well. 

I think this is another big reason we don't see a lot of employees over their late 30s (or women) in tech - there is a high rate of burnout after working so hard and a desire to "have a life", start a family, start your own company, travel or become more engaged in one's community kicks in after a while. 

Once you see how enjoyable those things can be it's really hard to go back unless you get an exceptional offer.










Teach them the skills they will need to build healthy, happy relationships.

As I have gone through life building and sometimes losing relationships, the things I have learned that make relationships awesome include:

Teach them that setting healthy boundaries is a necessary component of compassion and healthy relationships. Teach them not to try to please others all the time to the exclusion of their own needs. Tell them that saying yes when you mean no is dishonest, and that you do not buy people’s love and affection by always doing what they want.
Teach, and show, them that integrity matters. Integrity takes a lifetime to establish but can be destroyed in an instant.
Teach them that consent matters. Nobody has the right to touch them without their permission, and they do not have the right to touch others without their permission. Your body, your rules. That applies to everyone.
Give them the lesson that other people are real. Other people's needs, experiences, and desires matter. Not more than yours, not less than yours, but the same as yours.
Two lessons it is very hard, but very important, to learn: Just because I feel bad, that doesn't necessarily mean someone else is doing something wrong. Just because I feel good, that doesn't necessarily mean what I am doing is right.
New things are always awkward and uncomfortable at first. Don't let that stop you. Life rewards courage.
Heartbreak is not forever. As a human being, your heart will be broken. When it happens, it will feel like the end of the world. It's not. Day follows night. Our hearts are made to be broken; that's how they open to the wonder of the universe.
Compatibility matters. Love, by itself, is not enough.
Healthy relationships are voluntary. Your partner has the right to leave you, and should leave you if you don't treat them well. Likewise, you have the right to be treated well, and it's okay to leave if you're not.
Communicate directly, not by dropping hints. Advocate for your needs. You are your own best advocate.
You don't keep your partner by forcing them to stay. You keep your partner by building an awesome, vibrant, dynamic relationship that your partner doesn't want to leave.
Strive at all times to be the most awesome version of yourself.