They eat the elephant. How do you eat an elephant? One bite at a time. Take insurmountable goals and break them down into smaller objectives.
They use visualization. They run vivid scenarios of themselves succeeding over and over inside their heads. This maximizes the chance of success when the time comes.
They practice emotional control. They use breathing techniques such as the “4 by 4 for 4” (4 seconds in, 4 seconds out for 4 minutes) to keep their stress levels under control.
They use self talk. They reframe external events in a positive light. They understand that it is not the EVENT but their INTERPRETATION that matters.
They celebrate small victories. They see the beauty of small victories in tough times. This keeps morale high so they can keep fighting the good fight.
They value their tribe. They care for their team. Lose the tribe and you lose everything.




Jake Williams is universally disliked for the following reasons;

It is well documented that his IQ is actually 149. So indicating it is 148 makes it seem as though he is pandering to the commoners.
He’s admittedly British. And everyone really loves to hate the British if for nothing more than their impeccable taste in clothing and bewildering ability to queue with blinding efficiency.
He’s a furry. Everyone knows furries are xenophobic hatemongers that are hellbent on ethnic cleansing…wait..that’s Nazis.
In all seriousness, people dislike that which they know they can not emulate. And in the face of their inability to duplicate successes, they ridicule the very thing they aspire to become. Jake seems like a well-spoken, poignant and devilishly cynical young man…reminds me of a younger version of myself. Minus the fact that I am a relatively talented artist and painter…put that in your pipe and smoke it, Jake.



The Crusades. The Inquisition. The expansion of the Ottoman Empire into Eastern Europe. The invasion of Spain by the Moors. The suppression of native religions and culture by Christians in North and South America. The Catholic and Anglican churches’ support of the slave trade. The Salem witch trials. Anti-Catholic violence in the US by Protestant “nativists”. Turkey’s genocide against the Armenians. Iran’s genocide against the Baha’is and suppression of Christians and Zoroastrians. India versus Pakistan. 9/11. ISIS. Shiite versus Sunni. Britain’s suppression of Catholics in the UK and Ireland. The pogroms of Eastern Europe. Israel versus the Arab World. Ethnic cleansing in Bosnia. The Holocaust. And on and on and on…

Uniting people? Like how white Evangelicals don’t like any other religion or race? Like how the Mormons used to see black folks? Or Muslims calling black folks “abeed” which means slave? Or the monstrous way Islam and Hinduism treat women. Or the horrendous way nearly all religions treat homosexuals? Or Fundamentalist Christians blowing up abortion clinics and killing doctors? Want me to keep going? Cuz I can keep this up all night.

Not that atheists are saints. But I OWN the crap I do. I don’t hide behind imaginary deities and their alleged offspring as justification for my being a dick.






Nobody can make accurate predictions except by chance.

I did, based on observations, make some extrapolations that turned out pretty well:

That she’d recover fully from the eating disorder.
That she’d be a voracious reader and quick learner.
That she’d be independent at a young age.
That she’d be awesome.
Trying to guess how your kid will turn out can be a fun game. I recommend caution to make sure those guesses don’t turn into pressure or nagging. The most fun thing about being a parent is learning gradually who this little person is becoming. It’s not our job to mold them into someone we imagine.



I’m glad you don’t consider physical discipline an option. Punishment is always wrong, and you should never teach obedience.

What you have is what we call a “typical, healthy child”. They get distracted. Expect that. Be patient. Keep asking nicely. She’ll figure it out.

When she does accomplish the task, do not praise her. No “good girl” crap. Instead acknowledge what you see, as in “I see that the floor of your room is very clean.” Let her validate internally, not do things to please you.