Afghanistan, Aland Islands, Albania, American Samoa, Andorra, Antarctica, Argentina, Armenia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Bangladesh, Belarus, Belgium, Bermuda, Bhutan, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bouvet Island, Brazil, British Indian Ocean Territory, Bulgaria, Cape Verde, Chile, Christmas Island, Cocos (Keeling) Islands, Cook Islands, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, East Timor, Ecuador, El Salvador, Estonia, Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas), Faroe Islands, Fiji, Finland, France, French Polynesia, French Southern Territories, Georgia, Germany, Gibraltar, Greece, Greenland, Guatemala, Guernsey, Guyana, Heard Island and McDonald Islands, Holy See (Vatican City State), Hungary, Iceland, India, Ireland, Isle of Man, Israel, Italy, Jersey, Kazakhstan, Kiribati, Kyrgyzstan, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Maldives, Malta, Marshall Islands, Moldova, Monaco, Montenegro, Nauru, Nepal, Netherlands, Niue, Norfolk Island, North Korea, Northern Mariana Islands, Norway, Pakistan, Palau, Paraguay, Peru, Pitcairn, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Saint Pierre and Miquelon, Samoa, San Marino, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Solomon Islands, South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands, South Korea, Spain, Sri Lanka, Suriname, Svalbard and Jan Mayen, Sweden, Switzerland, Tajikistan, Tokelau, Tonga, Turkey, Turkmenistan, Tuvalu, Ukraine, United States Minor Outlying Islands, Uruguay, Uzbekistan, Vanuatu, Wallis and Futuna, Western Sahara


“Beneath the helmet, under that unruly curly hair, inside the cranium, there is something we don't know, something beyond scientific measure. Something that allows him to soar, to roam a territory of sport that, forget us, even those who are gifted enough to play alongside him cannot even fathom. When he goes out to bat, people switch on their television sets and switch off their lives”


“Ugly”, “Budhiya Singh”, “Raghav 2.0”, “Parched” and “Aligarh”

The phrase “the dark side of the Moon” is mistakenly used by people when they mean to say “far side of the Moon”. There is no “dark side”. The Moon receives equal amount of sunlight on each side, during the lunar day.
The far side of the Moon refers to the side opposite to the one we see. Since the Moon is tidally locked to the Earth, we only ever get to see one side of the Moon from our vantage point on Earth.
The Deep Space Climate Observatory (DSCOVR) satellite captured a cool series of images of the Earth and the far side of the Moon, last summer.


To observe the Foundation Day celebration, Brain Vista welcomes the parents to join hands with the management and the teachers to cheer for the occasion.

This Saturday (01-July-2017) Brain Vista observes the Foundation Day. 