When I was about 9 years old, I was in tears for scoring a 3rd rank in the class and not scoring a centum in mathematics. If I could go back in time, I would tell myself that none of that stuff ever mattered. I'm promising my infant son the same - I am never going to care what your marks/ranks are. Stop fighting stupid battles.
Our present system is designed for the industrial society. You learn canned stuff for 18 years and then apply that knowledge in the factory or accounting desk for the rest of your life. That system is no longer relevant.
The amount of new information we generate is so rapidly increasing that should stop giving information/knowledge to children. That is a waste of class time. Rather we should teach them tools to absorb, process and judge new information as they come.
In primary and secondary school:
The school I studied 8th-10th changed me a lot and I wish I had all my schooling there. The teachers there truly cared about education and I would build on top of the system they had:
Debating should be the central element of schooling. I was not that good at it, but I enjoyed watching others do well. Even in the pre-Internet era, we debated CTBT, the Talibans, the Asian financial crisis, Vietnam war, Sun Yat Sen, Perry opening up Japan and so on. It was super fun and made history and other subjects lively.
Every year there was an annual week of projects, where there were a variety of stalls. One interesting place was a virtual stock market and we learned plenty of it. Financial education should be in the core curriculum. 
Poetry should have a bigger role. My Tamil teacher would go on tangentially in the class relating to random stories. I loved Tamil because they were not teaching boring grammar there. Such poetry should how language should be taught.
Science in the way in which it is taught should be completely removed. I mugged up things like 1 second = 9,192,631,770 orbit transitions of the Cesium-133 atom. I mean, who the fish cares. Or the time I spent on studying different types of buffaloes. Who the heck cares what I know about the Murrah? All that wasted time should be spent on simple experimentation, observation and logical thinking. If my life really centered on knowing Murrah, I would learn that from Wikipedia at that time. Stop feeding unnecessary stuff.
The only goal of the school should be to produce curious students who question. Do everything to increase their curiosity. If teaching about the Murrah makes them curious, let it be so. But, feed their curiosity and let them open their mouth widely - marveling the world. It is a stunning planet and they are at a stunning age. Let them explore, question and debate. That is all a teacher should enable.
In high school and college
College is among the most wasted times for most people. Indian Universities are neither like Taxila and Nalanda, where people expanded their mind nor places where they taught some job skills. They do neither. They waste 4 years of time without producing either scholars or people ready for jobs. You have to create at least one of them.
A student aged 17 has all the energy and none of the commitment. Best time to explore a variety of career paths and learn real world skills. What is the point in teaching them "Visual Basic" for 4 years when that technology would change so fast? Instead of teaching them technolgy, they should teach the art of programming.
Here are my detailed answers for that: