Not at all. There are many strong programmers who are gainfully employed and are doing exciting work, say in the Silicon Valley, but could not be bothered by competition programming. Russia and China apparently cannot employ all of their good programmers, which forces young people to spend a lot of time developing competition programming skills (which are very different from practical programming skills). Poland ranks high on the list, but how many successful Polish software companies can you name? In any case, list the most successful software companies and see where they are - that's a lot more reliable than Hacker rank, ICPC, Google Code Jam, Top coder or any other competition. College students in North America, India and Europe often work for those companies in the summer, and then get hired based on their skills. Students in other countries instead practice solving competition problems :)

Don't get me wrong - the winners of programming competitions are an amazing bunch of people and can be very useful in successful software companies. But contests tell you very little about entire countries.


No, Shah Jahan didn't chop the fingers of 20,000 workers. The interior and the exterior walls of the Taj are filled with Calligraphy work and Pietra dura (an Italian form of decoration done by cutting different types of stones of different styles & sizes to fit on the marbles).  It requires great attention, patience and artistic skills. The Taj Mahal is filled with Pietra Dura, and once it is fitted, the workers had to rub the marbles with wet grass to even and smoothen the surface. This process was done for the whole of Taj, the mosques, and the grave yards of his other wives in the Taj Complex. Doing this, the workers spent days and months rubbing the walls which affected their fingers and eventually losing them. And it is believed that Shah Jahan repaid them by offering enough money and food for 7 generations so they do not have to work. Which is also a clever trick, he wouldn't let his people know how he built the Taj by not letting his people work anywhere else. The workers' descents still live in the Taj Ganj colony and they're the ones who maintain the Taj.

We do not have a solid proof that this is what exactly happened, but this is based on a book about Taj Mahal by The Archeological Survey of India and also told by the people living in Taj Gunj.










